nixos/{consul-template,vault-agent}: init (#216230)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2305.section.md

- [QDMR](https://dm3mat.darc.de/qdmr/), a GUI application and command line tool for programming DMR radios [programs.qdmr](#opt-programs.qdmr.enable)

> - [vault-agent](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/agent), a client-side daemon that can be used to perform some @hashicorp Vault functionality automatically. [services.vault-agent](#opt-services.vault-agent.instances._name_.enable).
> 
> - [consul-template](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/agent), a template rendering, notifier, and supervisor for @hashicorp Consul and Vault data. [services.consul-template](#opt-services.consul-template.instances._name_.enable).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [consul-template](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-template/), a template rendering, notifier, and supervisor for HashiCorp Consul and Vault data. Available as [services.consul-template](#opt-services.consul-template.instances).

- [vault-agent](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/agent), a template rendering and API auth proxy for HashiCorp Vault, similar to `consul-template`. Available as [services.vault-agent](#opt-services.vault-agent.instances).
```
